Why  Window King?
Latest Technology
Aluplast, a leading German brand in the windows and doors material manufacturing backs all our products to ensure maximum durability, safety, and comfort. With Aluplast, be assured of the most advanced technology for your home.
On-time Delivery
We understand your need and are readily available to act upon it through our On-Time Delivery protocol. You choose your flexible time, and we will arrive at your doorstep with all the deliverables.
Prompt Installation
Our team has well-skilled employees who take almost no time to set it all up. We know the value of your time, and your earnest wish to see your space up there. Thus, we ensure prompt installation service for you.
Dedicated Service
Our services are highly trusted and customise as reported by the clints particular needs. Because of our product's higher resistance toward dust, deterioration, acidic rain water, heat, shock and then any physical damage, tey are highly appreciated by the clints.. These goods are wibely used in corporate structures, shopping centres, residential structures, hospitals and many others other areas.
To manufacture our products depending on the worldwide good quality standards, we've set up a advanced national infrastructure. Our infrastructure is split into separated units to make sure hassle-free execution in our business operations inside a well-organized manner. We've incepted divided manufacturing units, warehousing and storage space, development and research facility ,Our products are appreciated for their features like Designs, Looks, Long lasting , Durability, Less Maintenance. Our window range of customization is available to our patrons at very reasonable rates and best quality .
Low Cost Maintenance
Our windows are the perfect choice keeping in mind Indian weather conditions and customer’s low maintenance preferences. After installation of our windows and doors you will no longer have to worry about painting and repainting of these frames. Our anti-staining feature also keeps you hassle free as you no longer have to worry about anything leaving a mark or stain on your uPVC windows and doors.
Energy efficient products, built
Supporting the drive towards carbon zero construction, when homeowners and businesses seek enhanced comfort and noticeably reduced energy bills, Window King is their first port-of-call. Dedicated to sourcing environmentally responsible construction products from the very best that the industry has to offer, the energy ratings we can deliver are beyond impressive. Available with the latest technologically advanced double, safety and decorative glazing, you can rest easy knowing that a Window King  installation is an ethical one
Qualified, disciplined & experienced installers
With 7 years combined industry knowledge, we've worked hard to build and maintain a team of qualified professionals that deliver the very best, time after time. Endorsed and insured by the industry’s most prominent bodies and accreditations, for absolute peace of mind, all of our fitters are Certified  installers, the electricians we use are also  certified, our surveyors and our Contract Managers are well-versed at keeping our customers firmly in the loop.
Virtually maintenance-free
Our uPVC windows are built to last and are extremely easy to maintain. uPVC is a durable material that will never rot, rust, peel or flake and is also lead-free and fully recyclable. They also come fitted with easy clean hinges so they only need an occasional wipe down using warm, soapy water to stay looking great all year round.
Strong and Secure
With Window Kind , you can rest assured you’re getting windows that meet the British Standard for security so your home is offered the highest level of protection. We use internal glazing beads, to prevent the glass from being removed from the outside by would-be intruders. If you opt for a sash window, the traditional style fitch lock is secured into a galvanised steel reinforcement for additional rigidity.
Professional Work Force / Strong Long Term Visio
Our production facility is located Astarang , Puri  with buildup area of 10000sq.ft.
Our production team contains 3 well experienced production head and under them 30 technical staffs.
We have 3 well experienced site engineers and 4 service teams.
We have state of the art automated machineries for production.
We are totally equipped with state of the art infrastructure with professional people in different departments like Marketing, Customer support, Designing and Fabricating to carry out the production process in a professional manner right from taking the measurement to the installation of windows.
Window King Offer  Smooth buying process
From initial quote right through to aftercare, you can expect a smooth transition and complete peace of mind with a Window King  installation.
• Appointment made within 24 hours of receiving the enquiry
• In-house visit takes place within 3 days
• Free, no-obligation quote provided at the in-house visit *
• Within 1 weeks of the order, a certified Window King  surveyor will visit the property to take precise measurements
• Contract completed within 5-6 weeks of the order date *
• Once the project has been officially signed-off by the Contract Manager, all relevant certification and warranties will be issued, e.g. Window King  certificate and 10-year guarantee on products, workmanship and aftercare.
• Aftercare services: In the unlikely event of an issue related to faulty parts and/or workmanship, we will carry out remedial work free of charge.
* Complex projects may take up to 48 hours to generate a quote.
** Completion dependant on the size of the project and weather permitting.
*** If the fault is not covered under the warranty, e.g. wear & tear or accidental damage, we will offer a competitive rate of repair
Local to you
At Window King  we understand you want an expert who knows your local area and understands what suits your home best. Our local consultants live and work all across Odisha so wherever you live we're never far away. Whether you're looking for new windows, doors or a conservatory, our local team is on hand to help with your project and provide the level of expertise, care and attention you would expect from a national company.
Installation
It takes the best to fit the best which is why we get so many compliments about the quality of our installers. Our team of experienced installers work around the clock quickly, cleanly and efficiently to get the job done to the highest standard. From preparation to completion we always put our customers first which is why we also take away your old windows and doors to be recycled. We guarantee you quality service and have been awarded ISO 9001 certification for implementing Quality Management System requirements across the organisation.
