Why Choose uPVC
Energy efficiency
uPVC has the same insulation properties as timber without the maintenance.uPVC window mitre corners are fusion welded, superior to mechanical assemblies for Wood and Aluminium .uPVC frame U-value(heat transfer coefficient) is significantly lower than Aluminium.Infra-red camera detection of low energy efficient window (right).
When it comes to thermal efficiency, the non-conducting uPVC is the ideal choice for windows and doors. Meticulous installation and imported hardware guarantee excellent insulation and great energy efficiency, thus saving on heating or air-conditioning costs.
Being a poor conductor of heat, uPVC window neither retains nor transfers heat indoors. Aluminium does both. The U-Value of UPVC is far less than Aluminium. Duroplast uPVC windows possess great energy saving potential. Window profiles have been designed with multi-chambers and double gasket sealing reduces transfer of heat further windows and doors fitted with double insulated glass, make the window more energy efficient and saves energy by 30%-35%.
Window Magic uPVC windows and doors system are excellent thermal insulators. It can save energy up to 30% of energy requirement.
Save money on your heating bills with double and triple glazing uPVC windows that minimise the heat escaping from your home. Made from Anglian’s unique uPVC formula, your new windows retain the heat better in winter and reflect more heat in the summer.
Quality
Completely harmless to humans.Excellent sound insulation properties.Perfect thermal insulation.Will increase the value of your home.Very durable.
Performance
Resistant to environmental conditions. Can be easily cleaned by using a mild detergent or soapy water. Resistant to termites and do never rot, rust or corrode.Prevents the development of diseases caused by mould and bacteria. Excellent burglary resistance. Efficient for many years.
Noise
Suitable for both new buildings and for the renovation of old buildings.Customised for individual requirements. Appealing visual appearance.Available in laminated colours, more resistant than paint.
Noise Reduction
Windows which are attached at non linear angles are called bay windows. Aesthetically pleasing they give a whole new dimension to the house and makes it stand apart.
Excellent Fire Proofing
uPVC window profile systems are fully self-extinguishing. Polymer the material that uPVC windows profile systems are made from, is non-combustible. uPVC profile systems are manufactured under international standards, guaranteeing your safety
Environment Friendly
uPVC window profile systems are made from ecologically friendly materials in terms of less pollutant materials than wood or aluminium.Polymer is recyclable and so there is no material lost as all waste goes
Safe, Secure, Simple
The tempered glass of uPVC windows make room for air and light but leave you with an imprisoning impression. Now you can break free from those iron grilled, less spacious windows and go for the amazing view of uPVC windows. But what about safety?
The multi-chambered profile, coupled with high-quality galvanized steel reinforcement in a separate internal chamber, makes it impossible to break through without pulling massive noisy attention, that too only with heavy-duty equipment. In addition to this, the multi-locking points are extremely defiant to tampering.
Sound Proof
Living in urban India without noise pollution is hard to imagine. Even if you have found a relatively isolated locality or are re-innovating your old space into a modern style – the sound is something that travels in waves. You have uPVC to stay soundproof in whichever space you are located in.
Live an urban yet peaceful life without compromising on your composure. Matrix Windoors uPVC with its multi-chambered profile, fusion-welded joints, and compression gaskets absorb, deflect, and keep out most of the noise. In short, our seamless designs not only match the aesthetics of your home’s exterior; but also minimize environmental sounds to keep your interiors spiritually serene.
Imported raw materials, high-precision fabrication and installation help to cut off external noise significantly.
Sound & Thermal Insulation
Duroplast Windows are made up of multi-chambered profiles which are fusion welded, tight sealed that reduce noise - providing user comfort. Our Windows are sealed with the masonry wall with silicon leaving no gaps between the frame and the sash preventing noise, dust and pollution. By using Duroplast Double Glazed Windows, we can further improve the sound and thermal insulation quality which again helps in saving energy.
Corrosion-proof
Use of high quality raw materials and a manufacturing process in strict accordance with German standards give our products a superior corrosion resistance.
Termite-Proof
uPVC being a synthetic product, there is absolutely no necessity to spend on periodical termite control procedures. Termites or any other insects are not drawn to uPVC at all.
High UV Resistance
Our profiles are subjected to the rigid 8000-hour UV Test to ensure that they have better UV resistance even under the harsh Indian weather conditions. The higher Titanium Di-oxide (5.92% - 8 Parts) content in the raw material adds to the resistance efficiency of the profiles and provides colour stability to the product to make it look new even after years of use
High Wind Resistance
The combination of world class Glazing Head with EPDM Gasket has been proven to withstand wind speeds of up to 320kmph
Zero Painting
uPVC is a new age material that does not deteriorate with time. uPVC frames do not require regular paint or polish coating for stability. They can be easily wipe-cleaned with a cloth using soap water and made to look as good as new for years
Water-resistant
Our exclusive patent-pending design of Quick-drain Dual Chamber System drains away water in no time thereby reducing the damage caused by window water considerably.
Zero Maintenance
uPVC is a new age material that does not deteriorate with time. uPVC frames do not require regular paint or polish coating for stability. They can be easily wipe-cleaned with a cloth using soap water and made to look as good as new for years.
Weather Resistant
With more than 25 years of experience in PVC Profiles extrusion, we have developed special formulation for tropical Indian climate for our uPVC Windows with special additives which ensures long durability to our windows.
Our special additives are impact modifier for strength, titanium dioxide for ultra violet rays and heat stabilizers to retain the profile shapes properly at high temperatures.
Eco Friendly
uPVC windows & doors are eco-friendly. uPVC is an excellent material for recycling as they can be fully recycled. Being a replacement for wood and energy intensive material, it saves forests and environment.
Maintenance Free
uDuroplast uPVC windows are extremely easy to maintain since easy cleaning can be done from inside using soapy water.It does not require painting or other maintenance.
Tough and Durable
Plastic profiles have special additives High strength, dimensional stability and weather stability to make the material both tough and durable. It does not fade or get discoloured & therefore an excellent investment for your home.
Customized Windows and Doors
Duroplast uPVC Windows & Doors are made as per customers requirement. Our windows and doors can be made in various designs. These include Casement Window, Sliding Window, Combination Window, Tilt & Turn Window, Bay Window, French Door, Balcony Door, etc.
Maximum Wind Resistancee
Window Magic uPVC window and door systems are ideal for being installed in buildings close to sea, where they are exposed to strong winds, heavy rain and salty water. All windows and door systems can take a wind pressure of 2400PA(appox. 230km per hr.). Tests specified in BS (British Standard) 5368, Part 3 1978.
Maximum Water Tightness
Window Magic uPVC window and door systems do not have leakages during rain. They are designed to be water tight when tested up to 300PA, limit specified in BS 3675 performance of windows part 1 1989, classification for weather tightness.
Minimal Maintenance
Window Magic uPVC window and door systems do not require regular painting and expensive maintenance. They do not rot, wrap or corrode in tropical and coastal climate. The maintenance is minimal and does not involve any further costs.
Fire Retardant
Window Magic uPVC material do not support combustion, in fact they are self extinguishing. Throughout their product life, the material will not cause, support or enhance the natural development of fire. The profile compound possesses a fire retardant rating according to DIN 4102, also fulfills Class 1 fire resistance as defined in BS 476: part 7.
Longevity
Window Magic uPVC profiles maintain excellent inherent material properties. The windows and doors are attractive, perfectly tight and working well even after many years in use. The longevity and superior quality of offer products have been conclusively proven over 30 years.
UV Stable
Window Magic uPVC windows and doors are completely UV stable.Kommerling developed its own ideal material compound Komalit Z, an uPVC blend especially suitable for tropical climates. The material does not alter under extreme temperatures or weathering.
Customization
Window Magic uPVC window and door systems offer wide range of design combinations, which can be customized to any possible dimension
Aesthetics
Window Magic uPVC profiles provide a wide variety of colours to match your needs in coherence with the walls and furniture.
Environment Friendly / Lead-Free
Window Magic uPVC profiles are completely recyclable containing Green line calcium zinc for eco friendliness. The energy used for extrusion process is relatively low when compared to other materials.
High Acoustic / Sound Insulation
The protection against noise is an essential characteristic of a modern window, in order to ensure a comfortable life both at home and in office. Window Magic uPVC windows and doors insulates up to 40 db which comes up to the German DIN standard for sound insulation Class 5, DIN 4109.
Thermal Insulation
Window Magic uPVC profiles are multi chambered section, provided with unique double seal mechanism, multi point locking system and good combination of glass, makes the window perfectly sealed and thereby reduces energy loss.
Impact Resistance
Window Magic uPVC profiles are of highest impact resistance grade because of presence of Komalit Z, compound developed by Kommerling which exceeds the stringent requirements to the highest classification of DIN 53453/ ISO 179 standards for impact resistance.
Immune to Heat
Global Warming and Climate Change are real, and if we remain ignorant about it, the loss is ours. Well, ACs were  invented long back, so were room heaters – But how natural are these sources that tamper with the temperature? Mostly, none. They do not only add digits to your electricity bills but also harm your health and the environment.
The solution is right in front of you as uPVC. Matrix Windoors products combined with Low-E Glass, multi-chambered designs and welded joints work in tandem to eliminate the possibility of heat entering any room, and for cool air leaving it as well. Hence, you can now keep your room temperatures comfortable without overworking your cooling unit, even on the hottest afternoons, consequently saving energy, and the environment.
Water-Resistant
You have an evolved civilization with you that has come up with new discoveries to solve all your problems with the right combination of resources. In India, monsoons are already facing the aftermath of climate change. Thus, the season routine has also shifted but something that has not changed from the basic cavemen to today’s modern human race is – shelter from the rain, storm, thunderstorms.
A seepage proof watertight system is a necessity for every Indian consumer considering the climate here. High-quality thermoplastic rubber gaskets and double sealing integrate with our breakthrough built-in drainage system to prevent water from seeping through corners and crevices. Specially designed with weep holes and euro grooves for efficient drainage, effectively keeping your home dry and comfortable.
1. Low Cost
Compared to the other materials that double glazed window frames can be made from, uPVC windows are the cheapest option. Although this is not even the best part of uPVC windows, it is still an important factor if you are worried about their cost-effectiveness.
2. Low Maintenance
Another hugely attractive advantage of uPVC windows is that they require remarkably low maintenance. Other frame materials like timber and wood need to be repainted every 5 years, alongside some refilling and patching because they tend to rot and flake. This is not the case with uPVC window frames. They never flake, rot, rust, or fade. Moreover, if you are wondering how to clean uPVC windows, the answer is very simple. All you need to do is wipe it occasionally with a cloth.
3. Insulation
Insulation is another strong feature of uPVC windows. These windows were created to provide the most optimal heat and energy insulation. Being able to keep the sound and heat out of the house so effectively, is largely responsible for uPVC windows’ popularity.
4. Water Proof
The biggest problem that wood window frames have is the propensity to swell when the weather is damp. This can become dangerous because the glass can loosen up, and furthermore, it can become easier for an intruder to enter your home. Alternatively, uPVC frames are storm and weather proof, since the damp cannot enter through the surface of uPVC windows frames. Hence, they are non-corrosive and will not be eroded by bad weather.
5. Durability
From all the frame materials available for double glazed windows, uPVC is the most durable. Aluminium can pick up rust over time, and wood can rot and warp. How long uPVC windows last is dependent on your level of care, but as they are made of a resilient and tough material, they can last anywhere from 10-35 years.
6. Security
uPVC is reliable when it comes to security, as well. The way the frame is constructed, it is difficult to break through or be damaged.
7. Style
Double glazed window companies are producing all types of windows to suit any home. You can have coloured uPVC windows in a range of design, styles, and sizes. There was a time when uPVC was only produced in white colour, but there have been many developments in recent years that lead to a wider variety being offered. You can choose from tilt and turn windows, casement, french windows, and even sash windows. Nevertheless, it is important to remember that the more openings a window have, the greater the cost.
Various Design Styles and Patterns of uPVC Windows
There are various uPVC window styles that can be found. The adaptability of their frames can suit any taste whether you choose to renovate an old house or build a modern property. They come with a wide colour range from black and grey to coloured uPVC windows.
The frame style is defined by a combination of functionality, simplicity, and a touch of glamour, so this is what uPVC windows online choice can offer to brighten your house. There are several designs that create the perfect atmosphere you were looking for.
For example, Bay uPVC windows is a sequence of at least three windows that allow the light to penetrate easily and give additional space inside the house, which makes it one of the most delicate designs.
Casement windows can be produced with one or multiple panes. You are able to open it widely like a door in order to get as much fresh air flow as possible throughout the time giving a picturesque scenery of outside garden.
uPVC sliding sash windows provide modern performance to your new home. They help in retaining the energy efficiency and contemporary charm simultaneously. They have first-rate thermal properties and flawless strength.
Are uPVC Windows Secure?
uPVC windows are highly secure due to their durability. Any intruder will have an impossible time breaking the frames without making their presence known because the uPVC windows and doors do not rot, so the frames will always remain secure.
Regardless of their impressive features, the locks also play an important role in home security. In the case of uPVC technology, they are equipped with modern multi-locker systems.
uPVC windows are equipped with 9 point locking system, which provides safety on all four sides. By closing the handles they are automatically locked and can be released with a simple push of a button. For your well-being, emergency exit pivots are fitted as standard to all side openings and can be opened in case of an emergency.
What are the building regulations for Windows?
Since 1 April 2002, building regulations have applied to all replacement glazing. Setting the standards for quality and safely installed replacement windows, the regulations apply to:
Thermal performance
Currently, replacement windows must have a minimum WER rating of band C or a U-value no higher than 1.6 W/m2k.
Safety glazing
Generally, safety glazing is required in unobstructed openable areas; at least 0.33 square metres and at least 450mm high and 450mm wide.
Ventilation
Rooms where steam will be produced require higher levels of ventilation, e.g. larger windows or trickle vents.
Fire Safety
External windows may need to be fixed shut to limit the risk of fire spread.
Means of escape
Replacement windows can only be reduced to a size a person can safely escape through. It's also good practice to replace first floor windows with escape windows.
As FENSA approved installers, you have complete peace of mind that our window installations fully comply with the latest building regulations.
More window for your money
uPVC is popular choice because it is both secure and stylish. The huge range of configurations makes uPVC windows perfect for both whole house replacements and single window upgrades.
Ideal for noisy areas
If you live on a flight path or near a busy road, uPVC windows with Anglian’s Safe & Sound double glazing offer 39db sound protection, higher than the standard 33db protection.
Secured by Design accredited
Anglian's modern uPVC windows are accredited by this police initiative to help 'design out' crime through innovative window security. Our window frames have multipoint locking while the window glass is beaded from the inside so it can't be removed from the outside.
Designed to be low maintenance
Our uPVC windows are easy to clean, weather-resistant and won't ever rust, rot or flake. There is no need to treat, oil or paint your uPVC windows after installation. Simply wipe with a cloth and clean, soapy water.
